# Push-LocalScheduledTask

## SYNOPSIS
Deploy a local scheduled task to a remote machine

## SYNTAX

```
Push-LocalScheduledTask [-ComputerName] <String[]> [-TaskName] <String[]> [[-Credential] <PSCredential>]
 [-Force] [-PassThru] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
This function exports the XML for a local scheduled task and creates that task on a remote machine.

## EXAMPLES

### EXAMPLE 1
```
Deploy-LocalScheduledTask -ComputerName Computer1,Computer2 -TaskName "Task1","Task2"
```

Description
-----------
This will export both Task1 and Task2 scheduled tasks to both Computer1 and Computer2.

### EXAMPLE 2
```
Deploy-LocalScheduledTask -ComputerName Computer1 -TaskName "Task1" -Credential (Get-Credential) -Force
```

Description
-----------
This will export the task Task1 to Computer1 using the provided credentials.
You can also save the results of Get-Credential to a variable and use the '-Credential $cred' method.
This will also overwrite a possible existing task named Task1 since -Force is used.

## PARAMETERS

### -ComputerName
This parameter specifies the remote host(s) to create the task(s) on.
This parameter supports tab-completion based on the current domain.
I can type '-ComputerName cgo-2' and this will tab-complete computer objects in the current domain that match the string 'cgo-2'

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -TaskName
This parameter specifies the local task name to export and create on a remote machine.
I have not tested how to export nested tasks (See Register-ScheduledTask '-TaskPath' parameter)
You can specify multiple task names, separated by comma please.

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Credential
Specifies a user account that has permission to perform this action.
The default is the current user.
This credential is used for a task against the local pc, and the remote PC.
because of this, the account used must have rights to do the required tasks on all computers involved.

Type a user name, such as User01 or Domain01\User01 , or enter a PSCredential object generated by
the \`Get-Credential\` cmdlet.
If you type a user name, you're prompted to enter the password.

Credentials are stored in a PSCredential
(/dotnet/api/system.management.automation.pscredential)object and the password is stored as a
SecureString (/dotnet/api/system.security.securestring).

\> \[!NOTE\] \> For more information about SecureString data protection, see \> How secure is
SecureString?
(/dotnet/api/system.security.securestring#how-secure-is-securestring).

```yaml
Type: PSCredential
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 3
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Force
Instructs the cmdlet to perform the operation without prompting for confirmation.
Additionally this will overwrite any remote tasks with the same name.
If you attempt to deploy a local task on a remote machine without using -Force, the export will fail.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PassThru
I haven't gotten this switch to be accurate.
Currently this function will ALWAYS spit out Scheduled Task objects that it creates whether -PassThru is present or not. 
The goal is to have the function not return objects if -PassThru is not present...
like every other advanced function.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

## OUTPUTS

## NOTES
Author: Matthew J.
DeGarmo
Handle: @matthewjdegarmo

You can either submit a \[PR\](https://github.com/matthewjdegarmo/AdminToolkit/pulls)
    or create an \[Issue\](https://github.com/matthewjdegarmo/AdminToolkit/issues/new)
    on this GitHub project at https://github.com/matthewjdegarmo/AdminToolkit

## RELATED LINKS
